Welcome everyone to the course on introduction to convolution or neural networks.
This is a fancy term for basically computer vision.
This is a really exciting cause that's coming up ahead in front of you.
I'm really looking forward to it because there's so much to actually show you in terms of what the state
of the art technology is able to do right now in terms of the artificial intelligence as well as deep
learning that that can enable you to automate and also expedite your business processes so the underlying
technology that can tackle this computer vision problem really is core convolution or neural networks.
So let's dive into a deep outline and have a look at what we are going to cover in this course.
So first of all we're going to cover some basic from previous cores which is the neural network.
I'm going to revise some of the key concepts and we're going to dive straight into the motivational
example first before we look at the portion on how does computer sorry computer or neural network actually
see what does the computer actually see or how does these deep learning architecture actually see.
And it's clearly not going to be the same as how human visualized things and how we actually make sense
of the world around us.
So we're going to have look at it and get some intuition all of that.
The next portion is that we are going to dive into some of the key underlying architecture which is
understanding convolution which is this portion here followed by training your own CNN followed by some
more advanced concepts such as transfer learning rather than using one that you train yourself.
We can actually make use of some of the state of the art architecture and expedite the process or make
use of what others have.
Have worked on and use it for your specific situation.
You'll be surprised at CNN or deep learning is transferable.
And that's where it's really exciting.
And that saves you tons of time.
And the last two parts is really visualizing network layers.
Once again we'll look at how to how do you actually pubic the layer in terms of what the CNN actually
sees as little bit different from this second portion here.
The second portion here really talks that in-depth a lot about how the so-called different layers work
and the last part here is actually show you how to extract the actual layer itself.
So the first part to shows you what it sees part last second last part just to wrap it up nicely.
I'll teach you how to actually extracts those future or that layer what's in the.
And finally I'm going to wrap up with where to from here.
This is really an introduction course on CNN.
We will cover the architecture on to around 2015 2016.
They are more advanced or rather they are advancements since then.
And those would be in a separate course is just too much to cover within this one course alone.
I really want to actually give you a sense of how CNN actually work and start to build those foundation
for you to actually while start working on projects that they say is useful to you with that let's start
this journey together.
Thank you once again.
And I'm look forward to seeing you in the class.